# LIKES_SERVICE_V1


<<TOOLS-AND-TECHNOLOGIES: 

    1. In this assignment i have used Node.js as backend language
    2. I have used Express.js as a very popular framework of Node.js 
    3. I have used mongoDB which is the primary database.
    4. I have optimized the api calls .
    5. All of the codes are written in proper fashion to increase readbility ..
    6. According to assignment I have used proper Authentication or authorization for updating and deleting the raw data.
    7. In this assignment i have used the industry level validation package <joi> for proper validation .
    8. By the help of <JWT(json web token)> authentication and authorization going very good in this assignment.
    9. I have used sendgrid package for send email notification to user.
    10. On user's 1st content which will gain 100 likes sendgrid will automatically send notification to email.
    
<<ERROR:

    1.Actually here i have used sendgrid package but the sendgrid is need a apikey which is generated by developer's email and   
    password but the email should be an official email Id
    2. So here i can't provide a api_key in the code but i have test all the scenario is working fine .



For more information. I have attached my resume for your consideration.

Thank you for valueable time .I am always reachable on my email and phone number.
Sincerely
Biswajit Swain
7735771266
mr.rintu01@gmail.com
# MYRESUME -https://drive.google.com/file/d/1A1OiWnmxNx1XIq8dXEb2ZxzrdiukHZ0B/view?usp=sharing
# MY GITHUB PROFILE - https://github.com/RINTU5500U
